The next section you're going to be building is going to be or here about section so you can see that
we're going to have one side where there's going to be an image then know here this is going to be the
title and this is going to be next.
And here we're going to have to fix.
So we're going to go back or here to our team now and we're going to write or here that this is going
to be the end of error and then we're going to have a vote section over here.
What I'm going to do here I'm going to copy and paste it over here.
Right.
And of about section now in the About section we're going to start first with a section.
And now this section is actually going to have a class of about an hour here.
First things first we're going to have a div that's going to have a class of underscore about Center.
And this is going to be used for centering.
So here we're going to say give about the score at all here.
And to have said now in this day of we're going to have two actual articles so I'm going to say we're
here this is going to be the first article with a class of about I am g here and in this article the
actual image is going to be placed in the same image.
Now what we would want for the image source we're going to say that we would want a image header BCG.
So we're going to use basically the same source.
And we also would want a glass I'm going to say about and we're going to have image and again this is
going to be two underscores all.
So this is going to be a classic we're going to be applying to our image.
Like I said this is going to be the same image.
So this is going to be Hetter BCG.
And you can see that this image is going to be taking up a lot of space right now.
But don't worry we're actually going to fix this with a CSX.
So once we have our first article now we will.
One is a about it.
So again we're going to have to go.
This is going to have a class and for the class we're going to say about in full on here now and the
about info.
First of all we're going to have a container and in the container we're going to have a title then we're
going to have a text and then I'm going to have a look.
So here we're going to say Dave with a class about in fall and out here this is going to be two course
container.
So basically this container is going to be wrapper for everything we're replacing or here inside.
Now in a container we're going to have a Hening one with an about in full here on that score on the
score.
And this is going to be titled now we're here we're going to say about it or hear me again and we're
going to place on her tab and all should be on here.
Now once we have it.
And if one then let's actually create a paragraph here for the paragraph we're going to we're going
to have a class about info here on the score on the school text and or here let's play some text or
let's say like 21.
So warm I had 20 press tab.
And sure enough now I can see that this is going to be my next and last but not least let's create our
links now for two lengths.
I actually would want to create a separate that's going to hold both wings.
However I still want to place it within the about container so don't place it outside of about container
so let's say here this is going to be about info here about info.
And for this we're going to say on the score on the score links so this is going to be the class for
this day and then we're going to have a Tref on here so link and then we're going to have a class.
So there's going to be actually two classes.
So first one is going to be about info or here single single and then we're going to say wink.
So this is going to be a first class and the second class is actually going to be dark median.
So this is going to be our second class and let's say that 40 ATF is going to have a hash tag on here.
But however for that text we would want to write that.
This is going to be higher me or hear me.
And then let's copy and paste the same button or we we're all just going to change things around or
we're going to say that this is going to be a download here.
C-v like this and then also what we would want is we would want to change from this are going to say
that this is going to be like a light between or here.
So once we say it we have our HD and now for the about section and now we can go ahead and actually
start styling this action.